Add kmcp classifier (#312)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/usage.md

metaphlan,db1,,/<path>/<to>/metaphlan/metaphlan_database/
motus,db_mOTU,,/<path>/<to>/motus/motus_database/
ganon,db1,,/<path>/<to>/ganon/test-db-ganon.tar.gz

> kmcp,db1,,/<path>/<to>/ganon/test-db-kmcp.tar.gz

Reviewer: Add example of passing parameters to KMCP profile (like bracken)

Please also update paragraph 127 as this will also apply there for KCMP

Author: Done

- [**Bracken**:](usage/tutorials.md#bracken-custom-database) output of the combined `kraken2-build` and `bracken-build` process.
- [**Centrifuge**:](usage/tutorials.md#centrifuge-custom-database) output of `centrifuge-build`.
- [**DIAMOND**:](usage/tutorials.md#diamond-custom-database) output of `diamond makedb`.
- [**Kaiju**:](usage/tutorials.md#kaiju-custom-database) output of `kaiju-makedb`.
- [**Kraken2**:](usage/tutorials.md#kraken2-custom-database) output of `kraken2-build` command(s).
- [**KrakenUniq**:](usage/tutorials.md#krakenuniq-custom-database) output of `krakenuniq-build` command(s).
- [**MALT**](usage/tutorials.md#malt-custom-database) output of `malt-build`.
- [**MetaPhlAn**:](usage/tutorials.md#metaphlan-custom-database) output of with `metaphlan --install` or downloaded from links on the [MetaPhlAn wiki](https://github.com/biobakery/MetaPhlAn/wiki/MetaPhlAn-4#customizing-the-database).
- [**mOTUs**:](usage/tutorials.md#motus-custom-database) the directory `db_mOTU/` that is downloaded via `motus downloadDB`.
- [**ganon**:](usage/tutorials.md#ganon-custom-database) output of `ganon build` or `ganon build-custom`.

> - [**KMCP**:](usage/tutorials.md#kmcp-custom-database) output of `kmcp index`. `kmcp index` is the output of `kmcp compute` step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**KMCP**:](usage/tutorials.md#kmcp-custom-database) output of `kmcp index`. Note: `kmcp index` uses the output of an upstream `kmcp compute` step.
```

> - [**kmcp**:](usage/tutorials.md#kmcp-custom-database) output of `kmcp index`. `kmcp index` in each turn is the output of `kmcp compute` step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [**KMCP**:](usage/tutorials.md#kmcp-custom-database) output of `kmcp index`. `kmcp index` in each turn is the output of `kmcp compute` step.
```

Reviewer: I don't understand the second sentence here... 'in each turn'?

Author: I will remove this, bad translation to english

Reviewer: Do you mean index comes in turn after compute?

Author: Yes, this is what I meant 😬

- [**MetaPhlAn**:](usage/tutorials.md#metaphlan-custom-database) output of with `metaphlan --install` or downloaded from links on the [MetaPhlAn wiki](https://github.com/biobakery/MetaPhlAn/wiki/MetaPhlAn-4#customizing-the-database).
- [**mOTUs**:](usage/tutorials.md#motus-custom-database) the directory `db_mOTU/` that is downloaded via `motus downloadDB`.
- [**ganon**:](usage/tutorials.md#ganon-custom-database) output of `ganon build` or `ganon build-custom`.

> - [**kmcp**:](usage/tutorials.md#kmcp-custom-database) output of `kmcp compute` and `kmcp index`.

Reviewer: Maybe specify if this is two outputs in one directory? or Maybe if compute output goes into index (or vice versa) just use the final step that builds the database that goes into search

Author: Since both` kmcp compute `and `kmcp index` are needed to build the database that goes into search wouldn't it be useful to name it here?
